Clarify description of misplay chop move (#1383)
Zamiell/hanabi-conventions: docs/extras/chop-moves.mdx

- However, none of these _Chop Moves_ may be available to perform. In such a situation, players can _Chop Move_ the very next player by giving them a clue to make them intentionally misplay the clued card. This works in a similar way as a _Trash Chop Move_, except that:
  - the trash is not known to the player receiving the clue
  - it costs the team a strike
- If multiple cards are touched in a _Misplay Chop Move_, then:
  - All of the touched cards to the right of the focused/misplayed card should be kept. _Good Touch Principle_ applies to those cards.
  - All of the non-touched cards to the right of the focused/misplayed card should be _Chop Moved_. (This means that _Misplay Chop Moves_ work slightly differently than _Trash Chop Moves_.)
- For example, in a 3-player game:
  - All of the 2's are played on the stacks.
  - Bob's hand is completely unclued. Bob also has three critical cards in a row on his chop.
  - Alice sees that it would require three separate clues to clue all of Bob's critical cards. However, Alice can obviously only give one clue.

>   - Alice clues blue to Bob, touching a card in slot 1 and slot 3 as a _Play Clue_.

Author: ```suggestion
  - Alice clues blue to Bob, touching a card in slot 2 and slot 4 as a _Play Clue_.
```
